1. Hi Myself (Recruiter Name). I'm from Cognizant. am I speaking with Mr.sai jathin?
Ans: Yes, Please Tell Me.

2. Are you Looking for a Job or Job Change?
Ans: Yes, I'm Looking for a job change.

3. Which company are you working for?
Ans: I'm working for the HCL.

4. Are you a permanent employee for the TCS?
Ans: Yes,( TCS is my Client, I'm working for another payroll company.)

5. What is the name Payroll Company(or Third Party)?
Ans: My Payroll company is SCANFII SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES.

6. Are you a permanent employee for XYZ?
No, I was a contract employee for SCANFII SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES.

7. May I know how many years of experience do you have?
Ans: I Have an overall 5.2 Years of experience in front-end web development, and I'm having 4.5 years of relevant experience in ReactJS.

8. Are you currently working?
Ans: I'm serving in the notice period.

9. What is the last working day?
Ans: This month 23rd AUG is my last working day.

10. We have openings on ReactJS, are you interested?
Ans: Yes, I'm interested in this position. Kindly please process my profile for the same.

11. when Are you available for the technical round interview?
Ans: I will be available tomorrow from 3pm -4pm(*mention your availability slot ).

12. What is your current salary?
Ans: Currently I'm getting 3.7 LPA.

13. how much is your salary expectation?
Ans: I'm excepting 9.5LPA.

14. is that negotiable?
Ans: Yes, it is, in between 9 to 9.5LPA

15. Will you be interested to relocate to Banglore?
Ans: yes, I am located in Bangalore.

17. When are you going to join or are you an immediate joiner?
Ans: I will join immediately if I get the chance.

18. Do you have any offers in hand?
Ans: Yes, I have an offer with 8.5LPA, that is in pipeline, salary discussion is done with HR, they are going to release the offer letter.
19. Why you are looking for a job change?
Ans: Actually I'm working on a very less salary basis with my exp, my peers with same exp are getting 11-15LPA,Carrier growth.

Java script, Reactjs , HTML, CSS working on them form 4.5Y
MySQL working nearly 4Y







